Tyler ESPN this is for ambition you and
faker have always been connected you two
have a very long history together
obviously debate debuted against you
2015 CJ entus beat you in the
semi-finals of lck rules final last year
and now world's final again how does it
feel having faker as a rival and going
into your second final against Tim do
you have any words to say to him thank
you so I get your answer actually pick
on something you donate him take a
keeping they'll take on c'était be done
with jacques off Sumana see they start
at injera
Boise Idaho Oregon to pick on zoo radio
tybelus so hamboning oh this okay cause
I hear my device my properties buttons
Okajima vehicles on server but not all
you go once i mean per over it's all
table man you know sometime could you
one day come to my come pick where you
can times you got people you continually
Jericho so I think this is so apply to
every any other pro player but a lot of
players lost faker and lost at big
stages small stages but I think whoever
stands at the last moment will be the
final winner
and since we're gonna collide at we're
Plagueis SKT and Baker at the biggest
stage next week if we win and if I win I
think we would be remembered as the
final team and player who beat SKT and
Baker hey Travis cafard freelancing for
Travis cafard I'm curious for Samsung's
coaching staff what are the weaknesses
that you see in SKT that could allow you
to win next week canonicus ba ck SKT
team a German boy who came out with tech
a power
you I am young now Jake is she's quite
hot now
so cheeky toy at some continued up with
in love he'll chew gum to chew a gum or
they secure come here again just time to
tell you you don't take him out that's
my boo boo chicken
think about Charlie it's a table at all
County miracle singer how cool that key
so chicka oh yeah tell me - Eugenia
kappa tommy - yup - me run from anybody
sunday company ola winning go got a song
tacky jo Miravalle her coop so cool cool
konami up to meet up and opaque way
pitch me to cuda you can go at all you
gotta tell you I'm a young guy see
Janica okay sample so to be honest I
think that SKT is stronger than a than
Samsung at this point even though there
were some critics that said best I would
say that SKT is this week is for more
they're not as strong as before but they
did make it to the finals and also some
might say that their bot Lane is kind of
shaky but I think that during
yesterday's game that they also met
their top performance so but if I have
to say one weakness that SKT could have
is the fakers share is bit too big
actually
and if he could maybe kind of tackle on
to that point we could have some chance
against SKT Tyler ESPN again this for
crown we interviewed the after the
quarterfinals and you said that this
could be your last chance at Worlds and
that you would leave no regrets now that
you have your second opportunity to play
in the World Finals
how does it feel to get a second chance
to lift the trophy and what are your
thoughts going against faker into the
final Thank You Jay I say peg on good
none you a ham integrand is Sunday time
shake Romans women newborn vertical
Bosma Kieran Bongo demolish me how cool
Oleg Nikita I remember smashes Sunday
Yashiro send an SOS Kyra
Krum
eatable congee so last year applicants
fakeness idea I was really nervous and I
was so determined to win I think that
the pressure was really really big on me
but this year of course I want to win
but I changed my mindset to rather enjoy
the game
enjoy the stage and of course I'm going
to try my best and leave no regrets but
I think it's about more giving and just
playing my entire self into the game and
not be not get too influenced by fakers
please to call me back oh hello I didn't
see there I actually just got back to
the hotel after going to the venue for
some interviews and I'm actually just
checking out the new mobile it's a
sports site that's right you've heard me
talk to you about how they help you
figure out your strengths and weaknesses
but they've just launched this new thing
for worlds there's so much functionality
and we tell you about it it's got
schedules for the games and I know a lot
of you hate spoilers there's actually a
spoiler tag that changes the
functionality of the site to hide
results etc so that's what you're
interested in you've got that there are
pre game analytics and analysis for
matches before they even start
there are postgame breakdowns builds and
more advanced sense including analytics
using mobile it's specific formula
there's even a section dedicated to
champions themselves in fact you can
search specifically for your favorite
player track their games view heat maps
read through their champions and see
more and finally by the way if watching
these videos is too taxing mobile dicks
actually has transcribed many of my
world interviews for your reading
pleasure so be sure to check it out it's
got all sorts of cool stuff on it
explore the site its eSports top mobile
UX dot GG and by the way thanks for
watching this video you can actually
sign up for their service if you want to
get better at League of Legends over at
mobile extra GG / Travis